c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\PSSCTema2.exe.config
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\PSSCTema2.exe
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\PSSCTema2.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\obj\Debug\PSSCTema2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\obj\Debug\PSSCTema2.Form1.resources
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\obj\Debug\PSSCTema2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\obj\Debug\PSSCTema2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\obj\Debug\PSSCTema2.exe
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\obj\Debug\PSSCTema2.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\Modele.Jucatori.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\Repositories.Jucatori.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\Modele.Jucatori.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\Repositories.Jucatori.pdb
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\Modele.Echipe.dll
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\Repositories.Echipe.dll
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\Modele.Echipe.pdb
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\Repositories.Echipe.pdb
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\AfisareEchipe.dll
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\AfisareEchipe.pdb
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\AfisareJucatori.dll
C:\Users\Patrick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PSSCTema2\PSSCTema2\bin\Debug\AfisareJucatori.pdb
